English Subtitle by ZORO.to
Why were supernatural
meta powers--or Quirks--
introduced into the
human race in the past?
Why was the first metahuman--the
Shining Baby-born into this world?
It is all a tragedy.
Quirks are not a blessing for
humanity but the beginning of the end.
As it is written in the
Quirk Doomsday Theory,
as generations pass,
Quirks mix and evolve
until eventually,
no one can control them anymore.
In these times,
where 80% of humanity is sick with Quirks,
the remaining 20%
who are pure humans
will also have relations with Quirk
holders, decreasing their numbers
Extinction is in
front of our eyes.
We, Humarise,
must take action now.
Even if it means we
dye the earth with blood...
For the salvation of humanity!
Now, let us begin
You do not have a Quirk then?
Congratulations.
You have been saved
"Otheon"
The group claiming responsibility
for the terrorist attack the other day
is Humarise...
...an ideological group
founded by Flect Turn
their leader who advocates
for the salvation of humanity.
The device used in the attack
has been conjectured
to strengthen
the Quirk factor triggering substance,
Ideotrigger.
The device will hereafter
be called the Trigger Bomb.
The mission of our
all-star hero team
is to search all 25 of Humarise's
branches around the world at once
After restraining their members,
"Egypt"
collect the Trigger Bomb held at
that location as soon as possible
"Egypt"
collect the Trigger Bomb held at
that location as soon as possible
We expect the members
at their facilities to resist
There is also the danger that
they will use the Trigger Bomb,
so we must refrain from asking
for help from local law enforcement
"America"
so we must refrain from asking
for help from local law enforcement
I would like you to carry out this
mission promptly and with urgency
All Might.
Heroes, the success of failure of
this mission rests on your shoulders.
Let's get back the smiles of
those living in fear of terrorism!
Hero teams,
star your missions!
Team A, we're going to collect the
Trigger Bomb before it can be set off!
Roger!
Is that it?
Humarise's Otheon headquaters...
The mission of those of us in
Team B is to gain control of the facility
and capture their leader, Flect
Don't let your guard down.
Who do you think you're talking to? Huh?!
- Stop!
- You can't come in without permission!!
If you resist, I won't go easy on you!
Clair, look for the Trigger Bomb!
Got it.
Voyance!
English Subtitle by ZORO.to
I can't believe they're using Quirks here..!
Bakugo, most of their members are Quirkless!
Don't be too rough..
I know!
Stun Grenade...!
Endeavor, something's strange
I don't see it anywhere!
What did you say?!
Team B, What about Flect?
We'll be through shortly!
Once you've captured him, get him
to tell you where the Trigger Bomb is!
Roger!
In that room is Flect Turn...
Damn it!
Their leaderis gone! Search the premises!
In the end,
''Humarise France Branch''
even after searching all of the
Humarise buildings around the world,
''Humarise France Branch''
even after searching all of the
Humarise buildings around the world,
we could not find any Trigger Bombs.
''Humarise America Branch''
Yes, we interrogated
The m embers we captured,
''Humarise America Branch''
Yes, we interrogated
The m embers we captured,
but no one knows where the
Trigger Bomb is being kept.
In fact, they didn't even konw it existed.
"Humarise Singapore Branch''
It sounds like it's the same for members
from the other branches, too.
There's a high likelihood
that the terrorist attack
''All-Star World Heroes'Team General HQ''
There's a high likelihood
that the terrorist attack
was carried out by those under the direct
control of Humarise leader Flect Turn.
''All-Star World Heroes'Team General HQ''
was carried out by those under the direct
control of Humarise leader Flect Turn.
Director,
there might be another facility
that we don't know about...
Did they guess what we would do and
move the Trigger Bomb ahead of time...?
All teams stand by in
your respective countries.
Request more heroes
and find Humarise's secret base!
I have to deliver this...
At this rate,
the world will be destroyed...!
''Otheon Airport''
Roro, Lala, I need to go to work soon.
Make sure you guys...
We'll study!
And if I don't come home till late?
We'll make food!
And, if someone weird
tries to talk to you...?
We'll definitely ignore them!
--Good!
But I don't think I'll be that late today.
Yay!
Pino!
Okay, I'm off then.
Have a good day!
Old man, you got work for me?
Pickup's on East 3rd Street.
It needs to be delivered to
the Chinese restaurant in the South Grove.
How much will I get for it...?
Hah, like you're in a position to negotiate.
Just do it for the asking price.
Okay, okay, I get it.
Hey, that's my bike!
It's stolen, anyway, right?
I'll give it back to its owner later!
Just do whatever you want, damn kid!
Now, time for work!
It's so lively here.
That's because it's
the biggest city in Otheon.
I don't care if we're standing by or what,
but why do I have to run errands?!
We're the lowest ranking on our team.
Huh?!
The only reason we're
on the World Heroes' Team
is because we're doing our
work studies at Endeavor Agency.
We're like freebies
that were just thrown in.
But since we're on the team,
we need to protect everyone from
terrorism with everything we've got.
The ideological organization, Humarise...
The damn organization that's
obsessed with a damn delusion...
What the hell's with the
Quirk Doomsday Theory?
They're taking a cock-and-bull-story
with no basis in truth seriously.
It's a jewelry thief!
Catch him!
Damn it, it's a hero!
See you at the usual place!
I'm leaving the case to you!
You bastards go to the right!
Got it!
Move! Move! I said move!
Blackwhip!
Todoroki, get the thief!
Leave it to me!
Serves you right.
That was a pathetic blast!
I'll show you a real one!
This is taking too long.
It better not have been a fake lead...
Here!
Wh-What?!
That doesn't work on me!
That took longer than expected...
Todoroki!
Midoriya, he doesn't have the case!
Did he throw it away somewhere?
They're working with someone!
There!
Too bad!
He's already over there!
I can't shake him...
Blackwhip!
In that case...
How are you doing?
Thank you!
He couldn't have gotten that far yet!
It's a million years to early
for you to catch me!
Wait!
An accident?!
Midoriya!
I'll take care of that!
Thanks!
It's okay...
I'm going to be late
- Shoot!
- Wait!
Wait... wait... wait!
What a terrible day...
Aw man, my best clothes are ruined.
It's all that hero's fault...
Wait, was there a hero like
that working in this jurisdiction?
Oh, well, it's not like
I'll ever see him again...
Why did you come after me?
Why did you run?
I was in a hurry because of work.
What kind of work?
Business discussions.
Despite how i look,
I'm a skilled salesman, you know.
Can you please not get
in the way of my work?
Will you show me what's inside that case?
How much will you give me?
If you want something, it's only natural that you pay for it.
I just want to check its contents
You're not a hero from
this country, are you?
Is it really okay for you to do hero work
in a foreign country without permission?
W-Well...
You've got no authority here.
Can you please stop giving me orders?
Or should I tell the police that I was
chased and interrogated for no reason?
Maybe I will...
I'm glad you understand
If you want to do hero work so badly,
you should do it in your own country
Later.
Wait!
What now?
I just want to see what's in the case.
If you want to see, then pay me.
I will, so show me.
That'll be 100,000  euros.
That's too much!
Then let go!
Just a peek!
Cut it out!
Huh?
Where's the jewelry..?
Good work.
Hey, some over here for a sec!
Take a look at this.
What's with all these holes...?
They're...
I see. Very well...
We will take measures, as well.
Please continue tracking.
Thank you very much.
Don't forget, Beros...
The only atonement for those
possessed by the demon of sickness
is to participate in the
salvation of innocent humans.
I understand.
I am so deeply sorry!
Wow... Is this what they
call a "Japanese Dogeza"?
Well, I'm just glad you
don't suspect me anymore.
I mean, I'm sure heroes make
mistakes sometimes, too, right?
Hey, wait, What's going on?!
This isn't what was
supposed to be in the case!
Wasn't it supposed to have jewelry?!
Don't tell me back then...
I took the wrong case?!
A-any way. I don't have time for this,
so I'll be on my way now...
You're sweating so much!
Are you okay?
Shoot, I need to hurry up
and get back there.
but will the case even be there?
If some one picked it up
and looked at what was inside,
Thay would have definitely pocketed it!
I'm dealing with villains here.
"Oop, I lost it" isn't goona cut in.
What'll I do? What am I goona do?!
Um...
Are you really all right?
Huh?
I'm fine.
Oh, but...
The police?
Why?
They're too prepared!
Put your hands up and kneel over there!
I... I...
Please wait a minute! He's...
I... didn't steal anything!
Stop!
We have permission to shoot!
Fire!
Face forward! Grit your teeth!
Why would they suddenly fire like that ...?
I thought...I was going to die
They came after us?!
Other people might
get caught up in it here!
They're coming after us!
Shoot..
We need to get away from here!
"Otheon Team Standby Hotel"
Idiots!
We're in the middle of
an important mission right now!
You should leave
everything else to the local heroes!
Heroes are supposed
to save those in trouble, right ?
We didn't learn to assign importance
to jobs during our work study.
You're not even sorry?!
Well, what happened to Deku?
He's following someone who
was working with the jewel thieves.
But he's not picking up his phone at all.
Slackers!
I shouldn't have brought you with me
even if you were doing your work studies!
It's from Midoriya.
Midoriya, do you have
the suspect and the case?
We were suddenly attacked by the police!
What did you do?
I don't know!
They didn't say anything before
they suddenly started shooting at us...!
When we tried to run away,
We were attacked by someone
who looked like a villain...
Calm down! Tell me what happened in order.
Um, I chased the kid who ran away
whit the case and caught him,
but there wasn't any jewelry
in the case he was holding--
Endeavor, this is bad!
Deke is...
...any information.
Once again, according to police reports,
the suspect, who is thought
to have killed 12 people,
is the Japanese hero, " Deku,"
the alias of Izuku Midoriya.
He has been put on
the nationwide wanted list.
There are also reports
that he has an accomplice...
Hello? Hello? Todoroki?
Midoriya...What did you really do?
I didn't do anything!
You're on the wanted list
as a mass murder suspect.
Wh-What do you mean by "wanted list" ?
We'll look into that on our end.
You just get away from there immediately.
They'll track you with GPS.
Once you turn off your phone,
don't forget to take out the battery.
That scared me!
You were able to get in touch
with your friends, right?
Why are you taking out the battery?
When did they say
they'd be coming to get us?
A-About that...
We have an emergency call
from the Otheon team!
Apparently, Deku's
been put on the wanted list!
Young Midoriya?!
"Japan Team Standby Hotel"
How could that happen?!
It says he killed
12 civillans in Otheon...
"Japan Team Standby Hotel"
It says he killed
12 civillans in Otheon...
That's ridiculous!
"Egypt Team Standby Hotel"
But it's intel from HQ...
Wait, wait! There's no way Midoriya
would do something like that! Right?
Yeah, this has to be some kind of mistake.
It's a false report!
"France Team Standby Hotel"
I can't believe it.
Deku...
Deku would never do something like that!
Ribbit!
I'm sure there's something behind this.
Yeah, yeah!
Don't worry. Endeavor
and the others are also acting.
What's going on?!
You're a murderer,
and I'm your accomplice?
When did we end up on
the same side? Explain yourself!
I don't know how it
ended up like this either...
Oh, it's all over...
My life is already rock-bottom.
What'll happen if I fall even lower?
This is the worst.
This is all your fault!
Do something! You're a hero, right?
The police fired
without asking any questions,
and we were even attacked by a villain.
That means they don't care
if we're dead or alive.
In other words, they're not after us...
This?!
It's no good...
There's nothing in here
that looks incriminating...
Wait, what are you doing?!
They're after the case, right?
In that case, if we give it to them,
then it'll all be settled!
Yeah, it's as simple as that!
It's not that simple.
They'd probably want to silence us
since we know about the case...
Wait, wait, wait.
Don't think about it so negatively!
Right. Let's burn the case.
And then we can say, "Oh, it burned up!"
That wouldn't change anthing.
Then why don't we just go to the police?
Huh? What would we say?
"If you want the case,
then give us a million eurus!"
That would make us real criminals!
We can't give in to despair!
Come on, let's just hand over the case.
They won't go so far as to kill us.
You're overthinking this.
If this case is related
to some sort of crime,
then we can't just hand it over.
Don't get me involved
with your idea of justice!
We're already both involved.
They wanted to kill us.
If we don't know the reason why,
then it's dangerous to act rashly.
Then, what should we do?
Let's run.
Huh?
No matter what the situation,
we can't fight against the police.
The ones chasing us are the Otheon police.
If we cross the border into
the neighboring country of Klayd,
then they shouldn't be able
to do anything anymore.
Let's hurry up and get out of here
before we're surrounded.
What about the villain?
What if the villain chases after us?
If that happens,
then I promise I'll protect you.
--Huh?
--I think running away is our
best course of action right now.
Oh, yeah? Okay, fine, I get it.
I'll go to the border
or wherever you wanna go!
We can head toward the border on that bus.
If we hang onto the back, it'll be free.
We can't do that! We have to pay!
We're wanted criminals, remember?
It'll be over if someone reports us.
Oh, jeez!
Right, catching a free ride.
We're the same now, hero.
Delaware Smash...
...Air Force!
I paid in advance for two!
So riding on the roof is okay?
No...
Otheon Police HQ
Commissioner General!
I would like you to present
the evidence you have
"Otheon Police
Commissioner General's Office"
that makes you suspect
Izuku Midoriya is a mass murderer!
The case against Izuku Midoriya
is still pending.
I can't talk about the investigation.
Especially not to you,
a fellow Japanese hero.
Japan's number one hero, Endeavor...
Someone gravely afflicted with stage 5...
For the salvation of humanity...
Shoto!
I got the report back from
a detective friend of mine.
What does it say?
That car you saw that
was attacked by a Quirk
was carrying a member of Humarise.
Humarise...?!
Where is he now?
He's in a coma in critical condition
in the hospital's ICU--
Guarded by police.
So we can't talk to him, huh?
There's also one more thing...
It looks like the stolen jewelry
Don't tell me...
It's a message from Midoriya.
What does it say?
"Keep eating luch with strawberries
and make sure you eat
the dinner in the fridge, too."
He's telling us to eat strawberries...?
Isn't this a code?
I see...
K-L-A-Y-D...
Kalayd...
He means the neighboring
country, Klayd, right?
Midoriya's heading there.
I'm going to try going to Klayd.
Okay, I'll give Endeavor a report.
Bakugo, let's go.
Where are we going all of a sudden?!
It's about that damn Deku, right?
Yeah, I'll tell you later
First we have to give
those guards the slip.
Don't order me around!
I hope Todoroki and
the others can figure it out...
The secret hidden in this case...
The police...
...don't look like they're here.
Hey.
It's okay for me to make
a phone call, right?
Y-Yeah.
They didn'n have anything
about you on TV, so I think it's okay
but try to make it short.
Right.
Yes, this is Stanleyk.
O-Old man?
Hm? Is that you, Rody?!
Uh, sorry to call out of the blue,
but can you go to my house
and tell my little brother and sister
that I won't be home for a while?
I'll pay you later...
You idiot!
I have no obligation to do that for you!
More importantly, I got a complaint
saying the delivery wasn't made!
Well, that was--
I don't want to hear any excuses!
It's not that!
If you don't want to die,
then hurry up and deliver the goods!
Got it?!
I don't have the goods...
Damn it!
Is something wrong?
No, it's nothing.
Huh? The cases got switched?
Yeah.
The case with the
jewelry stolen by the villain--
Midoriya said it got mixed up
with another case during the chase
The case Midoriya has now used
to belong to a Humarise member.
So that's why the police are
chasing that damn Deku, too?
Probably.
That case is probably pretty important.
If it weren't, then the police
wouldn't be moving at such a large scale.
There are Humarise members
in the police, too, huh?
Yeah,we don't know
where Humarise will show up.
We'll have to act carefully.
Don't order me around.
As expected, there's no
transit system going to the border.
We'll have to get a
vehicle somewhere or walk.
Walk?! There's no way.
Do you know how heavy this is?
If you get tired,
I'll carry you on my back.
Helping people in trouble--
That's what my strength is for.
I'm already in trouble,
so can you hurry up and help me?
Yeah, I'll definitely help you.
Okay, here I go!
Big Bro, me too!
Here
Lucky!
Me next!
Me too!
Wow, Rody!
Dad! Welcome back!
I'm home.
Hey, the puzzle this time's hard.
What should I do to solve it?
Okay, I'll give you a hint.
You can solve it based on that.
Dad, this is your...
It's a present.
Thanks for always taking care
of Roro and Lala, Rody.
I heard the father
of that family ran away.
On top of that,
he became a member of Humarise.
That crazy group that thinks
those with Quirks are sick?
They were responsibility for
the incident the other day, too.
He was a famous engineer, wasn't he?
You can't judge a book by its cover.
Kids, don't play with them anymore.
You don't know what they'll do to you.
Okay.
--Let's go!
--Okay.
Let's go! Let's go!
Big Bro...
I'll always stay with you, okay?
No matter what I have to do...
If this case is related
to some sort of crime,
then we can't just hand it over.
Hello?
What...?
Don't tell me...
Are you with the police?
Hand over the case.
This means I'm free, right?
Where's your friend?
Huh?
You both know, right?
This case's secret!
N-No, we don't!
We don't know anything!
My little brother and sister are waiting.
Please...!
Let me go home!
Air Force is...
Then...
Smash!
I... I...
Y-You...
Hold on tight.
Damn it!
Hang on. I'll get some
ointment right away!
It.. It's not that deep.
My phone's dead, though.
Sorry, can you pull out the
first aid kit from my backpack?
Y-Yeah.
That villain's tough.
Once we treat this,
let's get away from here.
Why did you protect me?
Why...?
I took the case.
I betrayed you.
Instead of protecting me, you could've
taken the case back and run away.
I couldn't do that.
I was carrying the jewelry
the villains stole this afternoon.
I'm one of those criminals
you heroes hate!
I can't leave someone
who's in trouble alone.
I can't help but feel like
I want to help them.
It's not worth it to get hurt over that.
It's enough if I'm able
to help that person.
I don't get it.
It's what I've always admired...
I want to be a hero who
can save peole with a smile.
I want to be like All Might.
By All Might, are you talking about
that hero who's famous worldide?
Yeah, he's my teacher.
Seriously?
You wanted to be like All Might,
so you chased that dream and became a hero
You're completely different from me.
Huh?
I can't think about the future.
I don't have the leeway to say
nonsense like "I want to be a pilot"
It's all I can do to provide
for my young siblings.
- I... I...
- Don't say anything!
I don't want your pity!
Heroes...
I used to think they were all
just people who wanted attention
and wanted to make money
under the guise of helping people
In reality, heroes didn't
come to the town I live in.
Because they wouldn't
make any money there.
But I guess there are heroes
like you around, too.
the morer you help me, the more i wonder
about what I'm doing with my life...
I'm so lame.
I'm lame, too.
I've been wanting to be a hero
since I was a kid,
but people kept telling me that
I couldn't do it, that I couldn't be a hero.
I couldn't use my Quirk properly,
and I was at the bottom of my class.
I'm always being propped up
by my classmates.
I'm still lame.
that's why I want to become cool--
To become a hero who
saves people with a smile...
That's Pino.
Pino?
I'm Rody. Rody Soul.
What's your name?
I'm Izuku Midoriya.
My hero name is Deku.
"Deku."
That's easy to remember.
Yeah, I like it.
Let's get some sleep, Rody.
Yeah, let's, Deku.
I deeply apologize.
They got away just as,
we were about to get them.
English Subtitle by ZORO.to
For the salvation of humanity.
A villain?!
Rody?
Oh, did I wake you?
Where'd you get that car?
I borrowed it. It's too hard to walk.
I even wrote an IOU saying I'd pay later.
In the name of the heroes' association.
If I could've borrowed a Cessna,
we could've gone straight to Klayd, though.
A Cessna...?
Rody, you can fly one?!
Just kidding, get in.
Hey, Deku.
Yeah?
Once we figure out the case's secret,
I can go home, right?
Of course.
You have a younger brother, right?
And sister
What about your parents?
My mom died right after
she had my sister, the youngest.
That's why my dad
did his best to raise us.
But then he disappeared suddenly.
Disappeared?
Do you know about Humarise?
The terrorist organization?
Yeah. After people found out our dad
was a member, things got bad.
Our friends stayed away, we were
kicked out of school and our house,
and I couldn't even get an honest job.
I see...
I resented my dad.
I resented him so much,
and then I stopped caring.
Now, my little brother and sister
are more important.
I want to let them live an honest life.
Oh, they're so cute.
My little brother's so smart!
And my little sister's really cute.
Yeah!
She'll definitely be a beauty
when she grows up.
Front! Face front, Rody!
As usual, we still
Carry our respective sadness
Let's pray again
For tomorrow to arrive
English Subtitle by ZORO.to
Unfulfilled we
Embrace so many roles
Let's share each of them with
Someone
Melting in the incredlble speed of the passing scenery
Everything faded
The young flower vendor standing on the street corner
reminds me of you
Ah
The sound of the bells echoes
Hey, it's not the end but the beginning
You may have forgotten it all
But I hope you're out there smilling somewhere
Smilling somewhere
Man, your Quirk's so useful, Deku.
Hey, Rody. You have a Quirk, right?
What is it?
I don't want to say.
S-sorry...
You won't laugh, will you?
I won't!
Promise?
I promise I won't laugh!
My quirk is...
It's really heavily guarded.
I don't think we can go in
from the front without fighting.
Our only choice is to go over this.
Get on. Hurry.
Deku, take this.
Rody?
It'll be hard for you to
carry me with that injury, right?
This is as far as I go.
But the car's out of gas. I can't
leave you alone in a place like this.
You know how fast I can run away, right?
I'll eat some berries or something
and wait for you here.
Hurry up and figure out the case's secret
and come back for me.
Rody...
I'm counting on you, hero!
It's them...!
I can't fail again...!
Use this!
Damn it, what's with those guys?!
Delaware Smash...
...Air Force!
Rody!
Are you okay?
Yeah, somehow...
The case!
Rody!
Rody...!
Take it, Deku!
Rody!
For the salvation of humanity!
This is...
Todoroki?!
It's the same as during the Hosu incident.
Your messages are too hard to understand.
Where are you looking?!
H-Help me! I'll do anything!
Then tell me what I want to know.
Fine...
You traitor!
Damn it.
Bakugo, get her!
Don't order me around!
I-It out of control!
Just come quietly!
For the salvation of humanity...
Get over there now!
Rody, are you okay?
Y-Yeah, somehow...
Where's the case?
Midoriya, it's this, right?
Thank, Todoroki. But how'd you find us?
Thank to the flashy gunfire,
I saw you from the train.
Is he the one you were talking
about on the phone?
Yeah. He's being treated
as a criminal, like me.
His mame's Rody.
Thanks for earlier.
More importantly, the case!
It's about Humarise, right?
What? Humarise?!
Yeah, that's why we came here.
We thought it was possible we'd be
able to get some important information.
What's the matter, Midoriya?
This is...
Hm... what's this...?
How does it work...?
It's not that one?
It'll just go back to how it was before.
This is hard.
Hm...that's not it...
Give that to me! I'll just blow it up!
You can't do that, Kacchan.
Deku, can I see that for a second?
Do you know how to solve it?
I did a puzzle like this before,
when I was kid.
Let's see...
All right! Got it.
What is it?
This is an information chip.
Okay, there should be a town
at the foot of the mountain.
Let's look into it there.
The target has gone to the
neighboring country of Klayd.
I do not have the
authority to search more.
No matter.
If he's in Klayd,
then he won't be able to come here
while the plan is being carried out.
The time has come
to put the plan into action.
For the salvation of humanity!
For the salvation... of humanity!
This is an emergency
Humarise has started streaming
an internet broadcast!
Pull it up!
We, Humarise, will rise to action
to protect the pure
humans called ''Quirkless''
against those attacked
by the disease of Quirks
The humanity salvation
devices that we developed
have been set in 25 countries
around the world
and have already started moving.
Seriously?!
The salvation of humanity
will come two hours from now.
Two hours?!
However, we are not without mercy.
If you wishto pervent
this plan from going through,
we will tell you the countries
where humanity salvation devices
have been installed.
What dose this mean...?
Even if you do not belleve what we do
you should have an equal chance.
Director, all 25 zones where the
Trigger Bombs have been installed
match up with the 25 zenes where
Humarise's branches are located!
If could be another trap...
Even so...
Give the hero teams
standing by marching orders!
Yes, sirl
There are people panicking in all the
zones where are Trigger Bombs!
The panic's also spreading
to locations outside of those zones!
Transportation systems
are all experiencing gridlock!
Oh, no!
Suneater, you extricate the injured.
Red Riot and Real Steel,
secure an evacuation route!
Roger!
Chimera Kraken!
Let's do this!
Red Gauntlet!
You need to evacuate!
Please hurry!
Cementos!
Let's go, Mic!
Okay, everybody!
We've got a path for you, so go on down!
It's all right, don't panic!
We're counting on you, search team!
We will definitely find
the Trigger Bomb. Got it?
Roger!
Ribbit!
Leave the evacuation here to us!
We'll focus on finding the Trigger Bomb!
Right!
Tsukuyomi, leave the evacuation
to the American team
We'll search for the
Trigger Bomb from the sky!
Roger!
Go, Fierce Wings!
Look in every nook and cranny!
Tokage, take these sensors
to look for the Trigger Bomb!
Got it!
We'll definitely find it!
Momo let's head to the next spot!
Right!
Can we really find the
bomb in such a wide area?
Hello! Hello!
Hello...!
Salaam?!
Don't be found, be the finders!
Follow me!
He's so fast!
He's not paper thin for nothing!
Clair, where's the Trigger Bomb?
It's not in this zone.
Let's move to the next zone!
English Subtitle by ZORO.to
Shoto...
What are you doing?
Hurry up and come back!
Wow, there are so many...
Where should we look first...?
Move!
Where's the newest timestamp...?
It's this video file
My name is Alan Kay.
I'm one of the scientists
Humarise kidnapped.
Kidnapped?
Humarise took the families
of many scientists hostage
and forced the scientists to manufacture
Quirk Factor Triggering Bombs.
The first terrorist attack using the bomb
laid the groundwork to garther top heroes
at places where humarise
bramches are located
Next, they are planning to use
the Quirk Factor Triggering Bombs
to eradicate those heroes.
After losing its top heroes,
society would collapse.
Using the chaos surrounding that,
they would wipe out Quirk holders
and make the world
into one with only Quirkless.
That is the true goal
of Humarise's Flect Turn.
I hope my voice will reach the heroes
Take this key that my colleague,
Eddie Soul, who was also kidnapped,
made in exchange for
his life to disarm the bombs.
Please! Save the world...
I repeat
the organization advocating
for the salvation of humanity,
Humarise has set bomb in different
locations around the world
They have released an announcement
declaring that in two hours...
one hours and 52 minutes
to be exact--the bombs will explode.
In the zones where
humarise has set the bombs,
there has been panic,
and heroes have been working to direct
people to safety and remove the bombs
areas in danger of being aftered
by the bombs are the following...
You've got to be kidding me
My house is in the
affected area in Otheon...!
Oh, no...
Big Bro...
We should send this to HQ and have
them order the hero teams to retreat--
We can't do that.
The heroes are still looking
for the Trigger Bombs.
Even if they themselves
are the targets for them
Even if they know that it's a trap,
as long as there are people who need help,
The heroes would never
leave them and run away.
It's a plan that thought that far ahead
Then we just have to stop the bombs
with that disarming key.
But here...
move.
The answer has to be in here.
You're an idiot if you make a key without
telling people where the door is!
Which point wasn't part
or their crime announcement...?
This is where their damn base is!
Kacchan, where's the
Trigger Bomb control system?
I'm working on it, damn nerd!
The underground
area furthest in the back...
we know where it is,
But it's more than 400 kilometers
away as the crow files.
we can make it
I have an idea.
Don't worry.
I know the basic controls.
This is no time to be chirping!
We'll definitely stop the Trigger Bombs.
We'll crush those crazy bastards!
We'll definitely protect the heroes..
..and the world!
We just received a transmission from
Shoto, a hero who was sent to Otheon.
he said he obtained a
disarming key for the Trigger Bobms!
Where is he now?
He says he's heading to where
the Trigger Bombs main system is,
in a hidden Humarise facility.
Young Todoroki... Young Bakugo...
Young Midoriya...
Shoto is heading over
to disarm the Trigger Bombs?!
We'll go to support him immediately!
You can't.
Our first priority is bomb removal.
Endeavor!
What is it?
I found the Trigger Bomb!
Where?
It's stopped in front of
the North Gate of Otheon Tower.
It's inside a large semi!
Heroes near the tower,
head over to remove it!
Roger!
Clair?!
This is...
Shoji! They're saying Midoriya and the others
are heading over to disarm the bomb!
Don't lose focus, Jiro!
What we should be doing right now
is performing the mission we were given.
R-Right!
I've found the Trigger Bomb!
It's in the third container
of that freight train!
All right!
A villain?! Why?
Man, there's a guard?
Uravity! Froppy!
Take the Trigger Bomb somewhere safe!
--Ribbit!
-- Yes, ma'am!
I believe Deku and the others
will stop the bomb for us!
but we'll do what we can do right now!
Move...!
The teams have found the Trigger Bombs,
But they're meeting resistance
from humarise and can't remove them.
There are less than 30 minutes left...
The heroes are also
all fighting desperately...
I'm counting on you, future heroes!
We're close!
Purge the gravely afflicted.
That's their base!
I'm gonna land, so hang on!
Rody, you turn back after this.
Why?!
Commoners, like you should stay put...
After this...
...is a job for heroes!
small fry should just stay back!
Some of their members have Quirks, too!
It's not just the mercenaries?
A sound wave...?!
Kacchan!
I know!
Midoriya!
Bakugo, we'll leave this place to you!
We won't let you go!
Don't tell me what to do!
Stop!
We're taking a right at the end here!
All right!
Just a bunch of small fry, huh?
Why are you damn villains
helping Humarise, huh?
We have been chosen by Humarise!
We will work with them
and live in a new world!
So you're just trying to save yourselves?
That's so selfish.
Damn villains...
Die!
They're fast!
Those guys just did what they wanted.
You're Rody Soul, right?
Todoroki!
Go on head!
There's no time!
I'll take care of you all at once!
Flashfreeze Heatwave!
Fire didn't work?!
He isn't aware of himself.
Is he using Trigger?
Is he rotating his Quirk
to control the flow of water?
Smash!
Bastard!
Damn it!
Even the explosion itself was cut?!
Don't act like this is nothing!
At point blank!
Too bad!
All that moving around's annoying!
That laugh...
I can't stand it!
Small fry like you don't get it, huh?
I stocked up on grenades
while I was fighting.
You've turned into real crazies now!
Hurry! Hurry!
Don't get in my way!
This is the room furthest back...
Which means, the Trigger Bomb
control system is beyond those doors.
Go away.
This is not a place where someone
gravely afflicted like you can enter.
The leader of the organization,
Flect Turn...
This is a holy place that will bring
about the salvation of humanity.
This isn't the salvation of humanity.
The Quirk Doomsday Theory
hasn't been scientifically verified!
It's just a popular belief!
How can you accept something
so uncertain without questioning it
and do something so terrible?
Pure humans are being threatened
by the disease of Quirks.
As time passes, they mix,
evolve, and go out of control,
driving humanity to destruction.
That's not true!
Whether someone has a Quirk or is Quirkless
doesn't mean they're sick or anything!
We're all alive. We're all human!
The gravely afflicted are beyond help.
I must be the one to do it after all.
I will definitely stop the Trigger Bomb!
Smash...!
I-It was repelled...
No, this shock and force...
It feels like a Smash...
That's right.
I was born with a disease...
A disease that won't go away
that reflects everything...
I knew it.
His Quirk lets him
reflect anything he receives.
And it's the kind that's always activated.
You've got a Quirk, too,
so why won't you believe in them?
He can even... do long-distance attacks...
Believe in them?
You fool.
Because of this disease,
I was never once held by my parents.
Even my bosom friends
and those I gave my heart to
left me, who reflected
even their feelings...
Since I reflect everything,
I couldn't even choose death for myself.
A Quirk that cannot be
controlled only leads to pain.
And people's bodies and hearts were
being crushed by the evolving Quirks!
I'll stop using my Quirks
just at the moment of impact!
Even then, it's reflected!
F-Focus all the impact into one point...
Then...
I'll run all out and head
toward the control system!
I reject myself.
I will eradicate the disease
called Quirks from this world.
And then, I will save
the pure humans from destruction!
Poor thing...
In five minutes...
the first step toward the salvation
of humannity will finally begin...
...through the death of many heroes.
I won't let you...
I will definitely stop the Trigger Bomb!
Then, I'll kill you with your friends.
Uraraka...
Asui...
Kaminari...
Sero...
Mineta...
Kirishima...
Shoji...
Jiro...
Yaoyorozu...
They're all fighting desperately...
To stop the Trigger Bomb...
To protect everyone's smiles...
Think...
How can you beat that guy...?
R-Rody... Why...?
It's fine now, Deku.
Th-This is dangerous...
Get away... from here...
I will, once I give this to those guys.
Th-The disarming key...?
Rody...?!
I was told...
...that if I did, they'd stop
just the Otheon explosion.
Rody, no...
We'll definitely stop it...!
How are you gonna stop it
with your body like that?
There's no more time.
The bomb's gonna explode.
It's game over.
Rody...
So I'll just protect
my little brother and sister.
Deku, I'm a worthless delinquent.
I can't protect everything,
take on everything... like a hero like you.
The world or my family...
If it's only one or the other,
then I have to choose.
It was like that for my dad,
too, wasn't it?
Yes.
Your father, Eddie Soul,
helped develop the
humanity salvation bomb.
Eddie...
Take this key that my colleague
Eddie Soul, who was also kidnapped
made in exchange for
his life to disarm the bombs.
Please, save the world.
What do you mean, "helped"?
You took us, his family, as hostages
to make him do what you wanted.
Thanks to that, he was able to make
the correct choice.
And you're the same as your father.
You made the correct choice
to protect your loved ones.
I'm the same, too.
I chose this plan because I love humanity.
Rody... No...
Rody...!!
Rody...
It's time yo give up, hero...
This is how people are betrayed.
It happens to me, too, all the time.
It's nothing to cry about.
Rody...
Hey, Rody. You have a quirk, right?
What is it?
You won't laugh, will you?
I won't!
Promise?
I promise I won't laugh!
My Quirk is...
Pino!
All right! All according to plan!
Deku!
You fool!
Rody!
Rody...!
How impertinent...
Deku!
Kick that damn bastard's butt!
I'll stop the bomb! Go!
Go, hero!
Go...!
I won't let you go!
I will not let you get past me!
Rody. You have a Quirk, right? What is it?
She's my Quirk...
Pino's actions...
...show my true intentions...
Ready?
No matter how much I lie
Pino gives away how I really feel.
It really isn't much of a Quirk, right?
That's not true , Rody.
Not being able to lie...
...is a really wonderful Quirk.
Damn it! I can't react
fast enough on my right side...
You've finally...
...shut up...!
This time...
...I'm really gonna drive it in!
Howitzer..
...Impact...!
You... idiots...
I-I'm losing consciousness...
That's...
Make it in time...!
I won't let you get in Midoriya's way!
Flashfreeze Heatwave!
You can even manipulate flames?
Then, here's the biggest move
I can do right now...
Flashfire Fist...
...Jet Kindling!
Midoriya...
Make sure...
...you stop it...
L-Like...
...my dad...
...Deku...
Rody?!
For both father and son to die in vain...
There's no saving scum.
That's not true!
Rody... my friend...
...is not scum!
It's no use.
You still don't understand?
It's only natural...
I believe in Rody!
I believe in heroes!
Cover Endeavor!
Shoto,
leave this place to me!
Go, Fierce Wings!
Get out of harm's way!
Hawks, a new Trigger Bomb
has been discovered!
What did you say?!
We're done dealing with it here!
What about the remaining Trigger Bombs?
Currently, there are two more!
Wait!
A new one's been discovered!
There are three total!
We definitely won't give up!
Right, Bakugo?!
Get this up in the air and--
Ribbit!
Ochaco!
The Trigger Bomb's--
I won't give up!
Deku would never give up!
Like Midoriya and
the others would ever give up!
So we won't give up either!
I will definitely not give up!
That's right. Heroes won't give up!
Like we'd ever give up!
Has his power increased...?
No...
That's not all...
The amount of force is decreasing!
Right.
There's a limit to his reflecting Quirk!
In that case--
I'll surpass that limit!
Don't tell me...
I've reached the limit of my Quirk...?!
I-Is that possible...?
You gave up.
If you didn't give up,
if you kept trying,
you might have been
able to get along with people...
But you called it a disease,
and then gave up and despaired...
You stopped trying!
Shut up...
We know what it means to never give up...
We're always telling ourselves this...
Shut up...
Go beyond...!
Plus Ultra!
Shut up...!
Detroit Smash...!
A hero...
...can always break out of a tough spot!
I know.
Young Midoriya!
A hero has a lot to protect.
That's why...
...we can't lose!
United...
...States of...
...World Smash...!
It's...
...too late...
Even though...
we're past the time limit...
There's no explosion...
It's stopped functioning...
Did they... disarm it...?
Yeah, they did it.
Good job, everyone.
Thanks, Rody...
I'll get you to a hospital soon.
Deku...
l-l... protected my family,
like my dad, right?
Yeah
I stopped.. the Bomb, right?
Yeah...
I took on everything... like you, right?
Yeah, you did.
You're amazing, Rody!
I'm so cool!
The terrorist attacks that shook the world
were successfully prevented
through the work of the hero team.
the leaders of Humarise
who spearheaded the attacks
are also being arrested one after another,
and the incident is on
it's way to being resolved
The case was closed...
without a single
Trigger Bomb exploding.
The heroes protected the world to the end.
But, it wasn't just them.
The one who really saved the world...
who never give up is...
Rody?
Thought you weren't getting out
until the day after tomorrow?
They said I'm fine already.
I'm glad...
If I had died like that,
I could've become a legend, though.
Don't say something so unlucky.
Hey, what are you going to do now, Rody?
Just going back to my normal life
Of course, I'm not choosing one
or the other-- I'm gonna get both.
Yeah.
We will now begin boarding
for flight NNY224
I need to go
Don't ever come back to Otheon
When I'm with you,
nothing good ever happens.
Go be a hero in Japan.
I'll come back and visit.
Don't ever come back.
The stillness of a city with nothing
The uncertainty of a hand holding nothing
But with just myself
And these two eyes.
I hold the remains of a dream.
Got a job for me, old man?
A respectable one, if possible.
one of my employees quit.
Help me out.
What should I do?
English Subtitle by ZORO.to